God, I didn't hear that wrong.
Superstar Uranus like Bach Xiaowi is used as a host.
You heard it right.
Or Qin Shao Niu painting
Lead to superstars as large as Bach Xiaowi
If I can work in the company of Qin Shao, good.
That way I can see my idol every day.
How about signing Bach Xiaowi?
A hosting company that relies on just one host can't survive, right?
It's impossible for a host company to rely on Bach Xiaowi alone to get a score.
Who said they only signed Bach Hieu Vi
There's only one host.
Are you blind?
I can't see the three people behind Bach Hieu Vi.
Good boss.
Zhang Yang now dare you to say that the power of the great young master is not equal to that of the second young master?